feat(changelog): dedibox-added-dedibox-commitment-plans 2024-11-29 (#4061)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2024/2024-11-29-dedibox-added-dedibox-commitment-plans.mdx

---

> title: Dedibox Commitment Plans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Dedibox commitment plans
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #dedibox-servers channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-29
category: bare-metal
product: dedibox
---

> By committing on new servers or your existing servers, you can now benefit from a discount on the monthly price according to the time of commitment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By committing to new or existing servers, you can now benefit from a discount on the monthly price according to the time of commitment.
```

> _More info on the <Link to=https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/dedibox-options/#dedibox-commitment-plans>Dedibox pricing page</Link>._ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the dedicated [pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/dedibox-options/#dedibox-commitment-plans) for more information.
```
